Clarify hotpatch rollback instructions (#13415)
github/docs: content/admin/enterprise-management/updating-the-virtual-machine-and-physical-resources/upgrading-github-enterprise-server.md

### Rolling back a patch release

> To roll back a patch release, use the `ghe-upgrade` command with the `--allow-patch-rollback` switch. Before rolling back, replication must be temporarly stopped by running `ghe-repl-stop` on all replica instances. {% data reusables.enterprise_installation.command-line-utilities-ghe-upgrade-rollback %}

Reviewer: Typo fix:
```suggestion
To roll back a patch release, use the `ghe-upgrade` command with the `--allow-patch-rollback` switch. Before rolling back, replication must be temporarily stopped by running `ghe-repl-stop` on all replica instances. {% data reusables.enterprise_installation.command-line-utilities-ghe-upgrade-rollback %}
```

> Once the rollback is complete, re-enable replication by running `ghe-repl-start` on all replicas. 

Reviewer: A minor suggested change, since we usually refer to starting and stopping replication:
```suggestion
Once the rollback is complete, restart replication by running `ghe-repl-start` on all replicas. 
```
